♪♪
And everyone
was killed?
All but three.
And their alibi is...
Very, very dumb.
They're in love!
Hey!
Don't do that!
I don't think
that guy even works here.
[ sighing ]
happens all the time.
Weirdos show up and try
to make the corpses touch
And kiss and stuff.
[ chuckles ]
I get it.
[ wind rushing ]
Customer dave:
That's not enough mustard!
-Give me the bathroom key!
-More olives!
You smell like mayonnaise.
-You suck!
-Give me the bathroom key!
-Make me a new one!
-You don't have eggs benedict?!
-You're nothing!
You're nothing!
[ sighs ]
[ mustard splurting ]
♪♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
♪♪
Hooo, 'nother rough one
at subhub.
Pretty rough one
here, too.
Emily's dad's sick.
She might have to leave paris.
God, I wish I was rich
So you wouldn't have
to work for the both of us.
I would spoil you.
Ah, nothing a little
shower-cry can't fix.
You know, one of my personas
has a suite
At the amazing brown lotus
resort up in langleytano
That she's not going to use.
It's non-refundable.
You guys could use it
for a little stay-cay --
All expenses paid.
All expenses paid?!
We can pretend
I paid for it.
Maybe I could use
a good spoiling.
Yes!
Let's go
to the fancy hotel!
Both: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
I know this is
your guys' thing,
But I can still
be excited.
Bad news,
the antarctica snafu
Isn't flying under the radar
like we'd hoped.
In fact, it's very much
on congress's radar,
And they have cut
our funding!
[ all gasp ]
We've lost our jets,
foreign agents,
And if we're not careful...
Omelette bar.
[ gasps ]
♪ someone's in the kitchen
with dinah ♪
♪ someone's in the kitchen,
I know ♪
♪ someone's in the kitchen
with dinah ♪
♪ strummin' on the ol' banjo ♪
Can't lose him!
He's the only omelette chef
we've had who could do that!
He's a generational
talent!
But these are
desperate times,
And that calls for
desperate measures.
That's why...
We're going to do
a rebrand!
The cia is currently the least
favorable thing in the city.
We're even below all this stuff!
We're even below that guy
That walks around town
throwing eggs at people?
Oh, man,
I hate that guy!
Yeah, this is bad.
We're even below him.
But we found the most
beloved thing in the city is --
Some of you
should have guessed by now --
Cakes!
Which gave me an idea:
What if the "c" in cia
now stood for "cakes"
And not...Whatever
it used to stand for?
We're going to bake
and sell cakes?
Yes!
Great idea, smith!
We could bake them
ourselves!
That would save us
tons of money!
We'll win the public's
trust back yet!
For the cia!
The cake...
I...
A.
♪♪
Wow! Langleytano
is so beautiful!
Jeff: Wow, I've never seen
this part of langley before.
I didn't even know
it existed.
Well, langley has some
of the most diverse biomes
Anywhere in the world.
From our dazzling
crystal-filled caves
And dramatic
limestone canyons,
To our vast
and foreboding tundras.
Oh, wow!
But what did
what you said mean?
♪♪
You deserve this,
babe.
And here is the bellman
with your...
One bag?
You two share a bag?
That's all her stuff.
She's the one
being spoiled.
I'll be perusing
the lost and found.
What's that?
There is legend
of a village boy
That wanted to run faster
than all the other boys,
So he stole
the face of a wolf,
Thinking it would help him
run like one.
But being a wolf was unnatural
for the boy and made him go mad.
He howled and howled
before finally
Throwing himself
off the cliff.
They say the mercurial winds
of langleytano are his howls,
And if you listen
too closely,
They will make you
go mad, as well.
[ wind whistles ]
[ shutters slam ]
[ hayley and jeff gasp ]
There they are!
The mercurial winds
of langleytano.
Very mercurial.
Cool story, man,
But I'm ready
for you to leave.
Oh.
Okay!
Let the pampering begin.
We can do
anything you want.
You know what I want
inside me right now?
Starts with a d...
Ends with an "aiquiri."
♪♪
Ahh, this is
way easier than sex.
Roger: Excuse me!
Can I get a little help?!
I overbleached my tush-hole
at the salon
And need to tan it back
to the color I was aiming for.
If you could move my thong
to the side --
I didn't say gently! --
And hold my cheeks apart...
Gentlyyy.
That's it.
Now look away.
I don't want anyone
to see my hole this color!
Heyyyy!
Buongiorno, bitches!
I thought
you gave us your room.
What are you
doing here, roger?
Rocherro ferrero's
the name --
Super-rich
pudding heiress.
Your room was
actually the room
My assistant was
supposed to use.
But now she's
in this big ol' urn.
She died?
Yep.
Worked herself
to death.
I'm gonna spread her ashes
on the Sunday afternoon cruise.
Crazy she died just days
before our trip.
This was one of my favorite
places to make her work nonstop.
Hey, ya lazy slugs!
Get us a round
of loaded bloodies
Or everyone here
is fired!
You know the way
I like 'em!
Move, move!
You don't have to be
such an asshole.
This is exactly what
I have to deal with at subhub.
Oh, I'm not really
a jerk.
I just do it to get good service
and extra stuff.
Most rich people
are this way.
They're really
good people,
You just have to
get to know them
And also be rich.
Yeah, but you don't have to be
rude to get good service.
Uhhh, yes, you do.
Rude get results.
That's why they both
start with "r."
Thank you, slugs!
I'd like to see you get
something as crazy-cool
As these loaded bloodies
with kindness.
Okay! Excuse me,
could I get...
Spiked
orange juliuses...
Served in
erlenmeyer flasks...
With tofu meatballs
cascading from them?
Please.
You're doing great.
Yeah, sorry, we don't have
any of that stuff.
Oof. That was
very embarrassing for you.
Ugh. This is how
I get treated at work.
See, I knew this wasn't
a good idea.
Aw, I'm sorry, babe...
But...
I need to get some sunscreen!
Yeah, that's why!
He's cute
as a button.
Where'd you find him?
In a ravine.
[ sighs ]
rudes get results.
My wife asked for
three orange julias
And she better
fricken get them!
What's wrong with you?
Do you have no brain,
like a baby?!
Fix this!
I'm super rich.
I travel the world
in a big balloon!
[ glass shatters ]
Damn, I don't think
I could do that again.
Got it!
Please enjoy
your strange order,
As well as these
complimentary cheese dippers.
Wow. I guess kindness
really does work, babe.
And free
cheese dippers?!
You really had
an effect on them.
See?!
Something's
weird here.
Nothing's weird!
People respond
to positive reinforcement.
I'll tell you what --
tomorrow, let's you and I
Use all the resort's
facilities together
And we'll see who gets
better service.
In!
I thought we were just
going to relax tomorrow.
You saw how well me being nice
worked getting those drinks,
Didn't you?
I think this might be
just what I need
To restore
my faith in humanity.
But what if
roger's right?
What if being mean
does work better?
Then I don't know,
maybe I'll just kill myself.
[ laughing ]
♪♪
Are we waiting
for jeff?
He said he's gonna be
in the gift shop all day.
Weird time to start
a magnet collection.
But it's his
vacation, too.
I'm going to show you
what it's like
To be truly pampered.
But you got to let
the staff know who's boss.
It's all part
of the game.
Wrong.
I'm going to show you
how I can get everything
You can get and more...
Just by being nice.
[ chuckling ] you don't get
the game, hayley.
You don't get the game.
This is empty!
Let's roll!
[ dramatic music plays ]
Hey, turds!
We want to get
in the hot tub.
But instead of water,
we want it to be green tea.
Now!
Could we actually get
our massages here in the hot tub
From masseuses in scuba gear,
pleaaaase?
No.
♪♪
Hey, we wanna eat
a big meal right here!
All hot and fresh,
made by local grandmas!
Move, slugs!
Excuse me,
this meal is so good,
But I was wondering,
pretty please,
Could we eat this on a cliff
overlooking the ocean?
I'm sorry, that's not
something we're able to do.
Well done.
♪♪
[ sobbing ]
And now it's time
for "grill session,"
Where I grill
a local businessperson
Who totally deserves it.
With me tonight is
deputy director of the cia,
Avery bullock.
Oh, the pleasure
is mine, greg.
Sir, under your watch,
The cia has blown up
three foreign embassies,
Two post offices,
And the only cinnabon
in antarctica.
People are angry.
What do you have to say
for yourself?
Well, we've got great news
for all the haters!
The "c" in cia
now stands for cakes!
Oh, I love cakes!
Are you selling cakes?
What kind?
Would you mind
if I answered that
In the form of a song?
I would not.
♪ big cakes, small cakes,
orange cakes too! ♪
♪ call us today,
there's a cake for you! ♪
♪ cakes for you,
and cakes for me ♪
♪ cakes for two
and cakes for three! ♪
Yay!
That was so fun!
Okay, everyone go buy
the cia's cakes!
Have we cut?
How dare you upstage me
with that velvety voice?!
I'm the singer!
I'm the star!
Today was impressive,
hayley.
That cliffside lunch?
You've got me thinking
maybe there is a place
For kindness
in this world.
Are you ready
to order?
I'll have the adult
psghetti meatball.
No, everybody's got to get
the branzino.
Mainly because I love
saying it -- branzino.
That's what
I was thinking.
I'm sorry,
we only have one branzino left.
I'm sorry, too,
But if I don't get a plate
with branzino on it --
Branzino! --
I will burn this place
And all of its occupants
to the ground.
I'm so sorry about her.
You're such a good waiter.
Just bring her a big ol' bowl
of soup or something.
And bring me
the branzino.
You're doing really great,
and I like your teeth.
I guess we'll finally
see for sure
Whose style
reigns supreme.
Oh, shoot.
I forgot the sunscreen again.
Doesn't seem
too bright in here.
Guess he is sitting closest
to the candle.
Stiles, gun it!
Yes!
That's it, boys!
The rebrand's
a smashing success!
We can drop a ten-tiered
chiffon cake into a war zone
From two
continents away --
I think we can get
a race car cake
To chesterfield park
by Friday.
That's another!
Stop everything!
I got the big one on the phone!
The tv show
"ace of cakes"?!
Yeah!
They want us
to be on an episode
Where the challenge is
cooking 200 cakes to theme!
Uh, one question.
How we going to put sprinkles
on 200 cakes at once?
Somebody order
a sprinkle blaster?
[ sprinkle blaster fires ]
aah!
[ cake pan rattling ]
Tell them we're in!
[ all cheering ]
And can someone please take
the sprinkle blaster
From dr. Weitzman?
Someone who knows
how to use it.
Where's
your sunscreen?
Oh, I put it on in the hallway
and then...
Ate the bottle.
How does this guy not die
all the time?
Adult psghetti meatball
for the gentleman.
And now
the moment of truth.
A big 'ol bowl
of soup for you.
And the branzino.
Maybe kindness
does have its perks.
Even if this branzino's
a little dry.
This is not the way
human nature works!
Something very fishy
is going on here,
And it's not
the branzino!
Which is
a very mild fish!
Aaaah!
I forgot
my assistant.
Aaaaah!
I'm questioning
everything!
Does kindness really work?
Nooooo!
Dead end?
Where the hell am I?!
Nooooo!
Jeff: Look at me
when I'm talking to you!
You're the worst waiter ever!
That's jeff!
My wife says her branzino's
a little dry.
A little dry?!
That wasn't
part of the deal!
I knew
it wasn't kindness.
Oh, they're going dowwwwn!
[ wind rushing ]
Daaaamn.
That's a crazy angry wind.
♪♪
Well, I guess that branzino
incident last night
Settled everything
pretty definitively.
The only thing left to do
is dump out my assistant.
Told you
kindness works.
Not gonna lie,
feels pretty good.
Which got me thinking,
Since it works so well,
Surely you could do it
one more time.
You know,
to really rub my nose in it.
What do you
have in mind?
Get the captain to take us
to that island...There!
I could get us there by being
a big jerk, no problem.
Done it
a bunch of times.
Think you could do it
with kindness?
I think I'd benefit
From enjoying the ride
they have planned.
Don't worry, jeff,
I got this.
Oh, captain!
Let me guess,
you want to touch the wheel?
Actually,
I was wondering,
Since you're such
an amazing captain...
Me?
...Could you take us
to that island?
To what if the winds
kick up island?
I'd love to,
But what if
the winds kick up?!
No way,
little lady!
Well, just think
about it!
Oh, my gosh,
I can't believe it,
But I just realized
I forgot --
Your sunscreen again?
I got you.
Hm, doesn't seem like the boat's
going toward the island.
Maybe the power of kindness
has run out.
Oh, shoot.
I gotta whiz real bad!
The bathrooms are
actually the other way.
But you don't have to whiz
at all, do you?
You went in the pool
before we left, didn't you?
I know everything
you've been up to!
You're being a jerk
to help hayley!
Oh, no!
I've been pushed!
Captain, you take this boat
to that island now
Or I'll have you fired!
[ coughs weakly ]
I'm rich!
I own a thousand
monocles!
Your rich tactics
don't work on me!
I only answer
to the sea!
[ thunder rumbles ]
and the sea is telling me
it's time to get back to harbor!
Go back?!
But I have to spread
my assistant's ashes!
[ thunder crashing,
wind whistling ]
I'm very rich and powerful,
I tell you!
I have many sea-doos,
And a chocolate river,
A-and three ghosts
that visit me at christmas!
I have
all those things, too.
Jeff,
what are you doing?!
I'm yelling at the captain
to go to the island...
So your kindness
can win.
Wait, what?
It's been jeff
the whole time!
That's why you got
the branzino.
I've been yelling
at everyone,
And it's been
eating me up inside.
I'm sorry, babe...
Kindness doesn't
get you shit.
[ thunder rumbles ]
This time,
I'm not asking nicely.
You're taking us
to that island!
I'm taking us back!
[ screams ]
The customer
is always right!
You smell like mayonnaise!
We don't even sell
eggs benedict!
She works
at subhub.
And no, you can't get the key
to the [bleep] bathroom!
[ howling ]
Give her room!
She's got the wind madness!
And the winner
of the 200 cake challenge is...
[ drum roll ]
...The cakes-I-a!
[ cheers and applause ]
Agents,
I have bad news.
The obamas cancelled
Their 40-person
pineapple upside-down cake?
Worse. Terrorists snuck
into the capitol
And stole
all of congress's cocaine.
They're rightly pissed
and want them caught.
So...We got
our funding back.
But...What about
the cakes?
Back to strictly
spy stuff.
All: Noooooo!
Whoa, whoa!
This is sensitive equipment!
Who knows
what frosting will do!
[ electricity cracking ]
[ explosion ]
[ dramatic music plays ]
These are the mercurial winds
of langleytano!
I'm sorry, we're going
directly into a storm to die
Because a sub sandwich lady
wants us to?!
This isn't how the system
is meant to work!
If somebody's going to put
everyone's life at risk
For no good reason,
it should be a rich person!
All: Hear, hear!
[ all howling ]
Now they've got
the wind madness!
Everyone but me!
Why?
Why, god?!
It's all I ever wanted!
I know you're upset
about the whole
It turning out kindness-can't-
get-you-crap deal,
But why are you still trying
to get to the island?
Because I want to get
what I want, just one time!
Even if it screws
everybody!
Very cool answer.
[ pounding on door ]
They're going to break
the door down!
Let 'em.
[ howling ]
[ passengers screaming ]
Ohh!
[ thud ]
What am I doing?
[ passengers shouting, howling ]
This way!
♪♪
Well, I guess this is it.
Better release the ashes now!
Marbles?!
And a photo of my assistant
flipping me off?!
She's not dead?
Well, she's definitely fired!
And I still need closure!
♪♪
[ all grunting ]
It's a marble storm!
♪♪
[ marbles clattering ]
[ noises quiet ]
Those are some
pretty crazy winds.
[ weakly ] very...
Mercurial.
[ thud ]
I know it's weird,
But I feel more relaxed
than I have in a long time,
Like I got something
out of my system.
This weekend was
just what I needed.
Thanks, guys.
I'm ready for this vacation
to be over so I can relax.
And now
the only other issue...
I just worry they're not going
to believe us about the marbles.
It's not
the best alibi.
In fact, it's not
an alibi at all.
It's really just
the murder weapon.
Bye-bye! See you soon!
♪♪